# The Science of Workflow Management: Modeling Business Processes in SAS Simulation Studio                                                             As managers, we are often asked to ensure that our business processes are optimized. There are many software solutions for simply tracking work. But true process optimization can be attained only by carefully examining inputs and studying how varying those factors influences the outcome. Without specialized tools such as SAS® Simulation Studio, obtaining accurate results is very challenging due to the complexity of modern business. In this paper, we use SAS Simulation Studio to conduct experiments of how changes in work volume and resource availability impact process efficiency and capacity of an essential business process. Modeling a process in a simulated environment allows for true A-B testing. The point-and-click interface is easy to use and empowers even novice users to translate real-world scenarios into reliable estimates. The desktop deployment makes it easy to install for businesses of any size, and integration with JMP® enables quick analysis of results, which promotes experimentation and data-driven decision-making. Business process management is often called a science and an art; analytics helps ensure that the science is solid.## Additional informationFind the full paper online with the [SAS Global Forum proceedings](https://www.sas.com/en_us/events/sas-global-forum/program/proceedings.html).## Support contact(s)Contact the author with questions, feedback, and lavish praise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
